Hello hello Mr. Ye
I'm Chen Zhao's secretary
We have 10 billion funds ready
Excuse me, Mr. Ye
When and where do you need to send it?
I'm now clearing diamonds at the Zongcun auction
Sir, can you deliver it for me now?
Thanks. Okay.
I see.
We will deliver the money ASAP.
Thank you very much.
Come to my Summit Media bankruptcy auction
So not much to say.
The auction officially began
51% of headspace media shares
Starting price 200 million
Each increase is not less than 1 million
My 230 million
My 250 million
I am married
600 million He Jia Building
No wonder.
Only the He family can be so wealthy
One shot is 600 million
Can't compare
I think I'd better give up.
The bidding is 600 million now
Ye Xian, do we have so much money?
It's okay to play with him
600 million zero million
700 million me what He Xiaoze wants
There's nothing I can't get